[RHACS] ROX15032 documentation for ACS Analytics overview (Telemetry) (#57715)
openshift/openshift-docs: telemetry/opting-out-of-telemetry.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="opting-out-of-telemetry"]
= Opting out of Telemetry
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]

> :context: logs-and-pod-status

Reviewer: is this context value correct?

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> You must comply with privacy laws to opt out of Telemetry.

Reviewer 2: Who are 'you'? Which laws?

Reviewer 2: We might need to tell where to find the opt-out toggle in the central configuration UI.

Reviewer: It's ok to use the exact same text as the OpenShift docs if needed (and OK'd by legal): https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.1/html/telemetry/opting-out-of-telemetry

> You must comply with privacy laws to opt out of Telemetry.

Author: ```suggestion
You might need to opt out of Telemetry for your cluster. For example, you might need to comply with privacy laws.
```

Reviewer 2: Telemetry data is anonymous, there is no PI collected, so I doubt there's a privacy concern here. The current message reads like actually everybody would prefer to opt-out due to privacy laws.

One reason to opt-out might be some internal regulation, which doesn't permit telemetry data traffic. Or some network policy. Or if a customer believes the collected data will be of no use for us (e.g., local development setup or some specific testing environment).

Author: How about this
> "The decision to opt out of telemetry should be based on your specific needs and requirements, as well as any applicable regulations or policies that you need to comply with." 

@0x656b694d
